Rework CLI docs (#1153)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/configure-cli.md

sidebar_label: 'Configure the CLI'
title: 'Configure the Astro CLI'
id: configure-cli
description: Update project-level configurations for the Astro CLI.
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import {siteVariables} from '@site/src/versions';

> You can use `astro config set` to update local configurations for an Astro project. These configurations affect the behavior of local Airflow environments and the CLI commands that you run within the project directory. They are mostly used for debugging and troubleshooting your Airflow infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you develop data pipelines, you may need to modify your local Airflow environment to fit the needs of your computer. Every Astro project includes a file called `.astro/config.yaml` that supports various environment-level settings, including:

- The name of your Astro project.
- The port for the Airflow webserver.
- The port for your local Postgres metadata database.
- The username and password for your local user.

In most cases, you only need to modify these settings in the case of debugging and troubleshooting your local environment. The configurations in `.astro/config.yaml` are separate from Docker.
```

Gimme feedback on this wording but I think we need to re-work this intro I think to set the right context for "what kinds of things" we're talking about and at what level. Also, this really has not much to do with "Airflow infrastructure"!

Author: I guess I meant "Airflow components" more than "infrastructure", which is mainly what these configurations are concerned with. 

I don't think these configurations are really "Separate from Docker", as they are all used in container configuration. I just cut a few sentences/ phrases here but overall agree with the edit.

> Use this document to learn more about each possible configuration. Note that some possible configurations are not documented here because they are used only on Astronomer Software.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is where you'll find information about the available Astro CLI configurations. Configurations that are applicable only to Astronomer Software are not provided.
```
Should the introductory statement be more meaningful? For example, why is this information important and why would a user want to review it?

> Use this document to learn more about each possible configuration. Note that some possible configurations are not documented here because they are used only on Astronomer Software.

Reviewer: Would these configs appear somewhere in the file? How would they know about them?

Author: In case they are checking out the CLI itself on GitHub to see what possible configs there are. I wouldn't want us to get requests for documenting those values because they were discovered by a user and we failed to mention them.

## Set a configuration

Run the following command in an Astro project:

```sh
astro config set <configuration> <value>
```

This command applies your configuration to `.astro/config.yaml` in your current Astro project. Configurations do not persist between Astro projects.

> For example, to update the port of your local Airflow webserver, you can run the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to update the port of your local Airflow webserver to 8081 from the default of 8080, run:
```

| `cloud.api.port`      | The port to use when calling the Airflow API in a local environment           | Any available port             |
| `context`           | The context for your Astro project          | Any available [context](cli/astro-context-list.md)             |
| `local.registry`     | The location of your local Docker container running Airflow             | Any available port             |
| `postgres.user`      | Your username for the Postgres metadata database            | Any string             |
| `postgres.password`  | Your password for the Postgres metadata database            | Any string             |
| `postgres.host`      | Your hostname for the Postgres metadata database            | Any string             |
| `postgres.port`      | Your port for the Postgres metadata database            | Any available port             |
| `project.name`       | The name of your Astro project         | Any string             |
| `webserver.port`     | The port for the webserver in your local Airflow environment          | Any available port             |

> | `show_warnings`      | Determines whether warning messages appear when starting up a local Airflow environment         | `true`, `false`             |

Reviewer: @sunkickr Are these configs really it? Anything we'd wanna call out here other than "changing the port"? Seems like the most common use case but I don't want to miss anything
